this war is not against Hamas this war
is against the entire Palestinian people
it did not start in Gaza it started here
in the West Bank in Hein in Jerusalem
you've seen we have no Rockets here my
friend in the West Bank we have no
tunnels here in the West Bank yet Israel
kills every day including today
Palestinian children in the West Bank
and therefore we have to call a spade a
spade today what Mr Netanyahu is engaged
in is the liquidation is the liquidation
of an entire nation by targeting on
purpose our children our women our power
plants our electricity even our Humanity
so we need to stop this Rive from
spreading venom venom as if we want our
children to die Nosa for the last 70
years we have been fighting for life